Breakout board for LTC3388:  https://www.analog.com/media/en/technical-documentation/data-sheets/338813fa.pdf

The purpose of this board is to convert high voltage (up to 20 volts DC) and typically weak harvested current into much lower voltage but also much greater current.  If it works as intended, then it should harvest a great deal more electrons per unit of time than a simple solar-cell-plus-diode configuration, which, in a charging scenario, also drops the input voltage to the voltage of the battery or supercap being charged, _but without the benefit of increased current_.

In addition, by starting with higher voltage (typically from stringing a number of solar cells in series), in theory the LTC3388 is apt to more quickly skirt the cold-start bootstrap problem that might occur when harvesting from a single solar cell (or multiple solar cells in parallel) under poor indoor lighting conditions.

The 100uH muRata 60B104C inductor that I selected for this project is rather large, but its DC resistance is just a small fraction when compared to the other inductors recommended by the datasheet.  For instance, of the five inductors that the datasheet recommends (see Table 2 on page 15 of the above linked datasheet for the complete list), LPS5030-223MLC by Coilcraft has the lowest DCR, equal to 190 milliohm.  In contrast, the muRata 60B104C inductor has a DCR of at most 25 milliohm, which is only 13% as much.  Hence, I anticipate improved performance as the benefit that may justify the muRata inductor's larger size and higher price.  That said, I did expose two large pads directly connected to the LTC3388 chip on the PCB to which a smaller inductor could be soldered, as an alternative to the much larger muRata inductor, if so desired.  This would also have the benefit of connecting the inductor leads in much greater proximity to both chip contacts than is physically possible with the much larger muRata inductor.

The four solder pads on the back of the board are for configuring one of four possible target voltages for the breakout board to produce as its output voltage.  For LTC3388-1, the four possible voltages are: **1.2V, 1.5V, 1.8V, or 2.5V**.  For LTC3388-3, the four possible voltages are: **2.8V, 3.0V, 3.3V, or 5.0V**.  See Table 1 on page 12 of the above linked datasheet for the details on how to configure a particular voltage.  

Fortunately, the LTC3388 appears to include an undervoltage-lockout (UVLO) circuit, so in theory that should allow the LTC3388 to work even with solar panels that have mere microamps of output.  As long as there's a net gain of microamps into the system (i.e. current enters faster than it leaks out), the UVLO should allow charge to accumulate on a capacitor at the input until it reaches a voltage that triggers the LTC3388 to burst convert what's available and then go back to sleep.

I've sent the project PCB off to be fabricated.  I'll report back after I've had a chance to try it out.